21_1 Grids editing.changes: index and pageIndex description (#2173)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/DataChange/pageIndex.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
[tags] ctp

> Zero-based page index of a new row. Applies if [pager]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/pager/) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero-based index of a page into which a new row should be inserted. Applies only if the [type]({currentpath}/#type) is *"insert"* and the [pager]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/pager/) is used.
```

---

#include common-ctp-note-wo-devextreme 

> When not specified, equals the current page index. To add a row to the last page, set this field to -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When not specified, this field equals the [paging]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/).[pageIndex]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/#pageIndex) value. To add a row to the last page, set this field to -1.
```

> When not specified, this field equals the [paging]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/).[pageIndex]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/#pageIndex) value. To add a row to the last page, set this field to -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field has a value if the DataGrid uses the pager. This value equals [paging]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/).[pageIndex]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/#pageIndex), but you can override it with a custom value. To add a row to the last page, set this field to -1.
```

> This field has a value if the DataGrid uses the pager. This value equals [paging]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/).[pageIndex]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/#pageIndex), but you can override it with a custom value. To add a row to the last page, set this field to -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field has a value if the {WidgetName} uses the pager. This value equals [paging]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/).[pageIndex]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/#pageIndex), but you can override it with a custom value. To add a row to the last page, set this field to -1.
```
